docs/variants/protectli_vp2410: add documentation for VP2410 (#206)
Dasharo/docs: docs/variants/protectli_vp2410/installation-manual.md

# Protectli Dasharo on VP2410 - installation manual

> Flashing coreboot can be done from Linux using flashrom with the internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flashing Dasharo firmware can be done from Linux using flashrom with the internal
```
